{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Software and Apparatus\

\b0 \
	The experimental software was written in MATLAB using Psychophysics ToolboxVersion 3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F4D33BF3-9644-428E-BA32-8AE7F27A3469"}}{\fldrslt (cite)}}. The experiment ran on a Mac Pro with 2.66 GHz Dual Core Intel Xeon equipped with NVIDIA GeForce 7300GT graphics card. The display used for the experiment was a Dell P780 monitor with a resolution 1024\'d7768. Prior to the experiment the display was calibrated for any non-uniformity in luminance. Observers were seated 55cm away from the display with their head resting on a chin-rest.\
	The physical gloss and depth stimuli were attached on black cardboards and were placed to the left of the observer 55cm away from the observer. All physical stimuli were labeled with numbers [1,11] where 1 corresponded to 0% gloss and 0.4cm depth and 11 corresponded to 100% gloss and 4.4cm depth. When the observers looked to their left, the depth stimuli lay fronto-parallel to the observer. Both sets of physical stimuli were lit by a 24 Watts Satco 40\'94 Accent Light attached on the ceiling of the display case. The light fixture span the full length of the display case, illuminating each stimulus from the top.   	\
	The monitor was encased in a black tunnel to block the light from physical stimulus reaching the monitor. The black tunnel was built from thick black foam boards and it extended to both sides of the chin-rest. While viewing the monitor from the chin-rest, the tunnel blocked right and left side of the observer\'92s view. \
	Observers viewed the computer-rendered stimulus on the monitor monocularly and physical stimuli with both eyes. Instead of an eye-patch, we built a circular occluder in front of the chin-rest for monocular viewing. This made it easier for the observer to look back and forth between the monitor and the physical stimuli without having to wear the eye patch on and off. \
	 \
\
}