{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green255\blue79;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Procedure\
\
	
\b0 We used a matching task in which a computer-rendered stimulus was presented on the screen at a given trial with two slider bars underneath. One slider bar was for matching gloss level and the other was for depth level. The observer's task was to pick one gloss level and one depth level from the physical stimuli sets which match the gloss and depth level of the stimulus on the screen and indicate the matched levels on the slider bars. The computer-rendered stimulus was always presented fronto-parallel to the observer and it was always viewed monocularly through a circular occluder. The physical stimuli sets for gloss and depth were viewed with both eyes and observers were allowed to move their head to look at them from different angles. The observer could look back and forth between the rendered and physical stimuli as many times as they needed until they made their decision. The numbers on the sliders matched that of the labels on the physical stimuli and ranged from 1 to 11 continuously. Observers used the mouse to indicate their responses on the slider bars. They were also allowed to pick values in between two gloss or two depth levels. Once the observer was happy with their decision they hit space bar on the keyboard to continue to the next trial. Each observer completed 162 trials in a two, 45 minute sessions. The order of computer-rendered stimuli were randomized across all trials.   
\b \

\b0 \cb2 	Add figure about the task}