{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Physical Gloss Stimuli\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \

\b0 	The physical gloss stimuli were spray painted ping-pong balls. Each painted ball had one of eleven possible gloss levels. First, we spray painted each ping-pong ball with Rust-Oleum\'ae Specialty Camouflage Spray Paint in Khaki color. This paint produces an ultra-flat finish. \
	To create a range of gloss levels we mixed matte and glossy varnishes in varying ratios and applied the desired varnish mixture on the painted ping-pong balls using spray bottles . We used Liquitex High Gloss Varnish and Liquitex Matte Varnish for the mixtures. For a given gloss level the matte/glossy varnish mixture always added up to 10ml.   For 10% gloss, we mixed 1ml glossy varnish with 9ml of matte varnish. Similarly, for 20% gloss, we mixed 2ml glossy varnish with 8ml of matte varnish. All the measurements were made using a 0.1ml sensitive syringe. The gloss levels had a range of [0, 100] % where physical gloss level had 10% increments. 0% gloss was the ping-pong ball with camouflage paint only and 100% gloss corresponded to the ping-pong ball with camouflage paint covered with glossy varnish only (10ml gloss varnish + 0ml matte varnish). }